File Header:
This file contains a description of what my program does and how I tested
my code. This file also contains my answers for the PSA questions.

Mark Choe
mychoe@ucsd.edu

7.a.
My programs, WordModel.java and CharacterModel.java, contain instructions 
for how to write new text from some given text. Specifically these
instructions record a pattern of words or characters and what comes after
this pattern, randomly choose a recorded pattern, and generates new text
by taking this pattern and whatever should keep coming after it. To run
this program, a program that follows these instructions, like
Generator.java, must be used. My program is useful for creating original
text that is similar to the source text.


7.b.
As a baseline for my first couple methods I utilized the given tester 
TestWordModel.java. For a deeper look into any of my code's issues I
utilized Generator.java. Generator.java allowed me to see what exactly
my programs would generate and what keys and values were being inputted into
my HashMaps. Additionally, the submission's tester also helped decide
whether or not my code worked properly. On top of these tests, I would
input print statements throughout my code to see where exactly my code 
would go wrong. A final test I utilized was copying my generated text over
to a Word document and seeing whether the counted words and characters in 
the document matched the amount of words and characters my code was supposed
to create.

I also tried accounting for certain edge cases. These edge cases include
when the count of words to be returned is less than even the prefix or the
prefix and first prediction.

7.c.
1. A HashMap is a collection made up of paired keys and values. This
collection is in no particular order.
2. A HashMap differs from an ArrayList in that an ArrayList must utilize
integers as its keys, while a HashMap does not.
3. I do not recommend implementing this program with only ArrayList 
instead of HashMap, because, unlike a HashMap, an ArrayList must use
integers as a key. This would complicate things here, because the prefix
made up of Strings would be the key.
4. The Markov Model does not account for proper grammar at all. Thus, though
this model can utilize similar vocab to the source material, this model
cannot correclty copy the source material's grammar structures.
5. Text generated by a Markov Model sometimes does not make sense
semantically, because this model randomly chooses a prediction instead of
choosing a prediction based upon the context.
6. To generate fake news that is of different content, I would not use too
high a degree. Too high a degree would just generate news similar to that
of the real news. For different content, the degree must be low enough to 
allow for enough variability to change the fake new's content.
7. We can assume that prefix always exists in the HashMap in generateNext(),
because Generator.java:87-100 ensures that content always exists for the
prefix.
